docs: task permission management updates (#7784)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/bpmn/user-tasks/user-tasks.md

### Assignments

User tasks support specifying assignments, using the `zeebe:AssignmentDefinition` extension element.

> This can be used to define which user the task can be assigned to. One or all of the following attributes can be specified simultaneously:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this to define which user the task can be assigned to. You can specify one or all of the following attributes simultaneously:
```
